You are Iosif Popov, fortunate denizen of the Absolutely Democratic Republic of Plokhoya. You live in a cozy apartment that our leader has generously filled with speakers that constantly grace you with extracts from his book and best-seller of the century "10000 reflections on democracy while I was trimming my moustache", only thing that in Plokhoya there's no private property, so books cannot actually be sold... but enough with these capitalist thoughts! So, the speakers, right! Normally they are turned on until 9 pm, to give the comrades some time before bed to meditate on the pills of wisdom conceived by our good leader, but those in Popov's flat are working even too well and Iosif is blessed by his leader's voice even during the night!
Of course it would be considered treason asking to repair the speakers: what, comrade Popov doesn't want to hear our good leader's voice? He can enjoy all the silence he wants in a gulag in the middle of the immutable Plokhovite steppe then!
Lucky Popov - and his neighbours as well - that has the opportunity to stay awake all night listening to our leader! And at dawn he has to rush to his workplace and put in practice all his leader's teachings and he cannot fall asleep at work, of course not: there's a circle of hell only for the slackers. Sorry, hell doesn't exist in atheist Plokhoya, a gulag will do then.
As we said before, in this game you have the honour to interpret Iosif in his typical working week and make sure he doesn't fall asleep during work... Ah, yes, possibly also on the way to his workplace. And also during all the social activities that occupy the life of every Plokhovite such as: 
- Cleaning all the statues of our gracious leader that makes our capital Pozora the most beautiful place in the Absolutely Democratic World.
- The autocritic sessions where comrade Lysyenov always cries and pluck his hair because he can't reach a C6 when he sings the national hymn.
- Oh yes, make sure that comrade Popov doesn't fall asleep during  choir practice too!
- Morning calisthenics with exercises conceived by our leader when he was, guess what? Trimming his moustache!

Have I told you in what consists comrade Popov's job? Brace yourself because it's really exciting. Typing the best-seller book of our beloved country from dawn to dusk! All the printing machines in Plokhoya are broken and, well, I'm sure you have already guessed where the repairmen ended... Comrade Popov has an enormous responsibility because without these copies of "10000 reflections on democracy while I was trimming my moustache" the children of our country won't be anymore the ignorant and precociously frustrated brats that we all know!